[WIP] Improve Brigadier Documentation (#507)
PaperMC/docs: docs/paper/dev/api/command-api/arguments/adventure-arguments.mdx

---
slug: /dev/command-api/arguments/adventure-arguments
description: Documentation for all arguments returning Adventure API objects
---

import ComponentMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/component.mp4"
import KeyMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/key.mp4"
import NamedColorMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/namedcolor.mp4"
import StyleMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/style.mp4"
import SignedMessageMp4 from "./assets/vanilla-arguments/signedmessage.mp4"

# Adventure Library Arguments
These arguments return a class from the `net.kyori` package. They are technically not native to Minecraft or Bukkit, but as Paper includes the Adventure library, they are
usually widely used in the Paper ecosystem.

> ## Component Argument

Reviewer: adhere to the style guide in the contributing guide, second level headings should be `Component argument` (the argument part could additionally be stripped entirely as this entire page is dedicated to them)

Author: Fixed the casing of the headers in the upcoming commit

:::note

> This argument is very technical. Following the same format as the `/tellraw <player> <component>` command for its second argument, it expects the json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This argument is very technical. Following the same format as the `/tellraw <player> <component>` command for its second argument, it expects the JSON
```

representation of a text component, making it inappropriate for general user input.

:::

The result is returned as an Adventure component to work with.

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> componentArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("componentargument")
        .then(Commands.argument("arg", ArgumentTypes.component())
            .executes(ctx -> {
                final Component component = ctx.getArgument("arg", Component.class);

                ctx.getSource().getSender().sendRichMessage(
                    "Your message: <input>",
                    Placeholder.component("input", component)
                );
                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            }))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={ComponentMp4}/>

## Key Argument

> The key argument allows a user to put in any artificial (namespaced) key, ensuring its validity. This returns a `net.kyori.adventure.key.Key` from the adventure library, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The key argument allows a user to put in any artificial (namespaced) key, ensuring its validity. This returns a `net.kyori.adventure.key.Key` from the Adventure library, 

```

which can be used at various other places in the Bukkit/Paper API.

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> keyArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("key")
        .then(Commands.argument("key_input", ArgumentTypes.key())
            .executes(ctx -> {
                final Key key = ctx.getArgument("key_input", Key.class);

                ctx.getSource().getSender().sendRichMessage("You put in <aqua><key></aqua>!",
                    Placeholder.unparsed("key", key.asString())
                );                    
                
                return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
            }))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={KeyMp4}/>

## Named Color Argument

> This argument provides the user with the ability to select between the 16 build-in "named" text colors. This argument returns a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This argument provides the user with the ability to select between the 16 built-in "named" text colors. This argument returns a
```

> This argument provides the user with the ability to select between the 16 build-in "named" text colors. This argument returns a `net.kyori.adventure.text.format.NamedtextColor` that

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This argument provides the user with the ability to select between the 16 build-in "named" text colors. This argument returns a `net.kyori.adventure.text.format.NamedTextColor` that

```

`net.kyori.adventure.text.format.NamedTextColor` which you can use for styling components.

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> namedColorArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("namedcolor")
        .then(Commands.argument("color", ArgumentTypes.namedColor())
            .then(Commands.argument("message", StringArgumentType.greedyString())
                .executes(ctx -> {
                    final NamedTextColor color = ctx.getArgument("color", NamedTextColor.class);
                    final String msg = ctx.getArgument("message", String.class);

                    ctx.getSource().getSender().sendMessage(
                        Component.text(msg).color(color)
                    );
                    return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
                })))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={NamedColorMp4}/>

## Adventure Style Argument
:::note

> Similar to the component argument, this argument is not really appropriate for general user input, as it also follows the json format for displaying components. Most users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the component argument, this argument is not really appropriate for general user input, as it also follows the JSON format for displaying components. Most users

```

do not know how to use that format and thus its general usage is not advised.

:::

> The style argument returns its value in form of an `net.kyori.adventure.text.format.Style` object. This can be applied to any component using `Component#style(Style)`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The style argument returns its value in the form of an `net.kyori.adventure.text.format.Style` object. This can be applied to any component using `Component#style(Style)`.
```

> Whilst the json input allows for the `text` field, its content is completely ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whilst the JSON input allows for the `text` field, its content is completely ignored.
```

### Example usage
```java
public static LiteralCommandNode<CommandSourceStack> styleArgument() {
    return Commands.literal("style")
        .then(Commands.argument("style", ArgumentTypes.style())
            .then(Commands.argument("message", StringArgumentType.greedyString())
                .executes(ctx -> {
                    final Style style = ctx.getArgument("style", Style.class);
                    final String message = ctx.getArgument("message", String.class);

                    ctx.getSource().getSender().sendRichMessage("Your input: <input>",
                        Placeholder.component("input", Component.text(message).style(style))
                    );
                    return Command.SINGLE_SUCCESS;
                })))
        .build();
}
```

### In-game preview
<FullWidthVideo src={StyleMp4}/>

## Signed Message Argument

> The signed message argument allows a player to send an argument in form of a **signed message** to the server. This signed message is a special type - it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The signed message argument allows a player to send an argument in the form of a **signed message** to the server. This signed message is a special type - it
```

allows the server to send that message, without the ability to directly modify it, to any player. The visible difference is that unsigned messages have a white bar at the left,
whilst signed messages don't.

A signed message argument returns a `SignedMessageResolver`. In order to call its `#resolve` method, you have to pass in two parameters:
* The argument name
* The `CommandContext<CommandSourceStack>` object

> You then get returned with a `CompletableFuture<SignedMessage>`. In order to work with the resulting `SignedMessage`, you can call `CompletableFuture<T>#thenAccept(Consumer<T>)`
> on that resulting completable future. Inside of that, you can send the signed message to players or work with it in other ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resolved value is a `CompletableFuture<SignedMessage>`, whose `SignedMessage` value you can handle using a `thenAccept(Consumer<T>)`. Inside of the consumer, you can send the signed message to players or work with it in other ways.
```

:::warning

> The use of thread unsafe Bukkit API inside the `.thenAccept` method is not supported, as this is an asynchronous method, which does not run on the main thread.
> If you need to use Bukkit API, you can schedule a task to be run on the next available tick. You can read up on that [here](../../scheduler.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the consumer passed into `thenAccept` is not executed on the main thread, making it unsafe to use most of Paper API within it.
If you need to use the API, you can schedule a task to be run on the next available tick. You can read up on that [here](../../scheduler.mdx).
```

[the main thread executor](https://jd.papermc.io/paper/1.21.4/org/bukkit/scheduler/BukkitScheduler.html#getMainThreadExecutor(org.bukkit.plugin.Plugin)) can also be mentioned here

Author: Did the change and mentioned the main thread executor in an upcoming commit

:::

:::note

> A non-player sender is not capable of sending a signed message, which means that the method block inside the `#thenAccept` method of the `SignedMessageResolver#resolve` method
> will never be called. You should make sure to put a `.requires(ctx -> ctx.getSender() instanceof Player)` on your SignedArgument to only allow Players to run it. You may
> add a fallback greedy string argument for non-player senders if you want the argument to execute regardless of signing or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A non-player sender is not capable of sending a signed message, which means that the resolved `CompletableFuture` will never be completed. You should make sure that only players can use your argument with `.requires(ctx -> ctx.getSender() instanceof Player)` on your `SignedArgument`. You may
add a fallback greedy string argument for non-player senders if you want the argument to execute regardless of signing.
```
